hile today's video is all about the
library folder very often you need to
get to the library folder to delete a
preference or to simply fix an
application that's not working
unfortunately the library folder is
hidden and a lot of people aren't quite
sure where it's located well first the
library folder is usually located in a
couple of different areas one is at the
root of the hard drive so here is my
hard drive called Yosemite and here is
the library folder you can see the path
right here and this little icon if you
want to get an icon like this on your
window simply right-click or
control-click this gray bar here
customize toolbar and look for the path
just drag it and drop it and then you'll
have that ability when you click on a
folder or a file to see exactly where
it's located on your machine it's a
little helpful tip anyway the library
folder is hidden so in order to see it
there's a couple of different ways to
get to different library folders most of
the time what you're really going to
need is to get to the library folder
that's in the user folder or the user
account a real easy way is to hold down
the option key on your keyboard go up to
the go menu and suddenly you're going to
see the library appear if you click on
it that is the library folder so even if
it's hidden it's a quick way to get to
it just to show you how that works again
I'm holding the option key up and down
and you can see how it suddenly appears
pretty cool feature but it does bring
you to a different library folder than I
want the one I showed you earlier this
one is actually in my user folder which
is normally the one that you need to get
to because those are the ones that have
the preference files here you can see
your caches if you want to delete them
manually that's always a good thing that
if you have a system that's not working
properly you want to get rid of some of
the cache files you can just drag them
out of here and delete them also the
preference files are in here and so you
can also delete a preference and usually
those things will get recreated on
reboot and also the preference panes
which sometimes you want to get rid of a
control panel a lot of times you'll find
them in
there that might be in the root of the
folder as you can see I have none on the
user folder here there is another way to
get to the library folder I'm going to
show you that right now let's go into
our user account so I'm just going to go
to library so it's going to just bring
me to the library folder and let's get
to the user admin so now I'm in the
admin user account which is usually the
name that you log into on your computer
I am now going to go to view and show
view options and as you can see show
library folder is now showing up that
will permanently turn it on in my user
folder so I won't have to really search
for it in the future I like to keep it
on some people don't it's up to you you
will not see this option to show library
folder unless you're actually in the
user account folder so that's the only
way that it will work so keep that in
mind when you're working that you have
the user account folder open and I'm
going to zoom in on that a little bit
and there you can see show library
folder it'll be a default after you do
that if you're wondering how I just
zoomed in and out I'm using my option
command and my plus and minus sign at
the same time so it's always a good
thing to know how to do that alright
hope you enjoyed library folders are
important to fix applications that don't
work properly and they're really great
to delete caches but there's lots of
reasons why you might need to get to it
just be careful because you really don't
want to delete things that you need
thanks for listening and if you like my
channel please subscribe